I want you to write an article for me.
The article follows a reasoning.
1. Internet users use more and more LLMs to find answers instead of searching. We are transitioning from a "search era" to a "answer era" where people don't search anymore by themselves.
2. This has impacts and will have great impacts on the search engine economic model based on advertisement. We could predict a shift of ads from search engines to LLMs.
3. This transition will also make traditional websites useless, because LLMs will absorb them during they continuous training. This put in the center of the scene the notion of "source of new content" (SNC), because all old content was already used for training by LLMs and so there will be no fight on that one.
4. Ads model + absorption of SNCs make us think that the whole business model of the Internet will shift. LLM providers will have to do as search engine currently do: they will have to remunerate their content sources, I mean sources really generating new content. Because people won't consult the sources anymore, so if they want to survive, they have to be paid by LLM providers.
5. That is why we can predict that the LLMs that are integrated to continuous sources of new content (X, Facebook) will have an advantage in the competition, because they will benefit from a large source of new (free) content. For sure, they will have to know how to clean those new contents to get relevant trained LLMs.
6. Once the content network is remunerated, LLMs will be trained with SNCs. In other words, most of the journalist activity will be useless because they only comment on press agencies notes. Today, they are using BigAI to write articles. Tomorrow, they will be bypassed by BigAI.
7. Another consequence will be that content sources will not have to provide elaborated user interfaces anymore because the point will not be that people read the contents but that LLMs read them instead. We can imagine that most SNCs could have a basic API unless they are social networks and gather humans.
8. Last consequence for today: the emails are a SNC and so LLM providers should provide fight on email engines.
